work simulation

Just the weekend to do this work simulation. No difficulty, we do not have to worry about.

First introduce:

This simulation is to put you in a new employee's point of view to live a day full-time life, during which you will encounter a variety of problems, and then need to answer questions will give you a number of options, you need for each option Score, each option can be rated 1 to 5 points, most effective is 5, then 1 is least effective. Time is two hours, not 90 minutes, is very abundant. Full selection questions, no text description required.

Here's the following process:

1 up to a video, the scene is the project morning meeting, is the team is advancing the project description, there will be a number of projects and you have a relationship, will encounter later.

2 into the work interface. Here you can see the received message, received the instant message.

3 into the working state. There will be colleagues to send you an email, send a message. You need to make some judgments about their questions, that is, to solve the problem of the option score.

4 a total of 21 questions. The middle will be inserted video. There are reasons for you to see log analysis bug, let you see the analysis report gives the conclusion, of course, more or that let you determine how to move forward the project.

For example, there is a project, deadline is two weeks, and now there are two solutions, one is their own development, one is the other group of services; their development, will be slower, but the requirements can be met, will exceed deadline; with other groups of services, requirement some can not meet, but can be done before the deadline. This time will give you a few options, let you go to score.

Give another example, to get off work time, a colleague encountered a bug to let you help him, and he worked overtime. Will give you a few options, the option is that if you want to make judgments need to ask the colleague's question, for example, this bug will not affect the customer? Is there a bug in this bug? How long will it take to fix this bug? Will this bug affect the progress of other groups? You need to score a few questions, which is the best.

Probably this is the case.

1, the user for God Customer Obsession

Leaders should take the customer as the starting point, strive to win and maintain the customer's trust. Although Leaders should focus on competitors, but should spend more time on their own users.

Master 's meaning

Leaders is also the owner of the company. They will consider the long-term interests, and will not sacrifice long-term interests to pursue immediate benefits. They are the interests of the whole company for the action of the starting point, rather than a team of interests. They will not use that's not my job.

Innovation and Simplification

Leaders should be a creative and creative person, and often can find a simple way. They are looking for innovative ways, not for the conventional trapped.

4, wise Are Right, A Lot

Leaders are often very wise. They have strong business judgment and good intuition. They will from different angles to see the problem, to counter their own point of view.

5, appointment and promotion of talent Hire and Develop the Best

An excellent Leader often promotes the performance of the entire team through recruitment and promotion. They can dig out the elite from the team, and help them in the team promotion. A good Leader, often able to cultivate numerous leaders, and very serious and careful to guide these after the generation of the generation.

6, high standards and strict requirements Insist on the Highest Standards

A good leader often has a high standard - most people will think that these so-called standards are completely unreasonable. A good leader will continually raise its team's bar and drive the team's people to create gao